enhancement of the stylistics of the documentation and some texts (#2798)
shopsys/shopsys: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as

> contributors and maintainers pledge to making participate in our project and

Reviewer: shouldn't it be like this?
```suggestion
contributors and maintainers pledge to ensure that participation in our project and
```

> our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
our community is a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
```
